[DEVX-161] Improve finance api docs (#118)
iZettle/api-documentation: finance-api/api-reference.md

  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Fetch payout information](#fetch-payout-information)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Examples](#examples)
  * [Fetch balance for a liquid account](#fetch-balance-for-a-liquid-account)
  * [Fetch transactions for a liquid account](#fetch-transactions-for-a-preliminary-account)
  * [Fetch payout information on a specific day](#fetch-payout-information-on-a-specific-day)
* [Related resources](#related-resources)
* [Related API reference](#related-api-reference)
  
### Base URL
https://finance.zettle.com

### OAuth Scope
`READ:FINANCE`
<!-- For more information on how to get authorisaition for the scope, see See [OAuth2 API](https://github.com/iZettle/api-documentation/blob/master/authorization.adoc) -->

## Fetch account balance
Returns the balance that is available in a merchant's Zettle preliminary or liquid account at a specific time.

If the balance is zero, it means the following:

* For the preliminary account, the money is moved from the merchant's preliminary account to their liquid account.
* For the liquid account, the money is paid out from Zettle to the mechant's bank account.

> <!-- Returns accumulated balance at a specific point in time. After a deposit has been made from LIQUID account to merchant’s bank account (daily, monthly or weekly), the balance is usually zero. If not, it will return the amount that is still due in merchant’s Zettle account. -->

Reviewer: Do we need to mention this? There are so many ways we affect a merchant's balance other than moving from preliminary to liquid and from liquid to their bank account.

```
GET /organizations/{organizationUuid}/accounts/{accountTypeGroup}/balance
```

See example [Fetch balance for a liquid account](#fetch-balance-for-a-liquid-account).

### Parameters

<details open="true">
<summary>Parameters</summary>

|Name |Type |In |Required/Optional |Description
|:---- |:---- |:---- |:---- |:----
|organizationUuid |string |path |required |Unique identifier for your organization. You can specify the value with one of the following: <br/><ul><li> Use `self` as the value. This will retrieve your organizationUuid from the authentication token in the request.</li><li> Get it by using the https://oauth.izettle.com/users/me endpoint of OAuth2 API. See [OAuth2 API](https://github.com/iZettle/api-documentation/blob/master/authorization.adoc) for more information.</li></ul> 

> |accountTypeGroup |string |path |required |The account type from which the data like transactions is retrieved. You can use one of the following account types: <br/><ul><li> `PRELIMINARY` account where transactions are to be confirmed by third-party acquirers.</li><li> `LIQUID` account where transactions are to be paid out to the merchant.</li></ul>

Reviewer 2: > The account type from which the data like transactions is retrieved.

I don't think we should keep this sentence. The endpoint is balance not transactions. It's hard to understand.

> |at |string |query |optional |Used to fetch account balance that is available at a time in the UTC time zone. If it's used, any transaction after that point will be ignored. If it's not used, the balance of all transactions at the current point of time is returned. <br/>You can specify a UTC time in one of the following formats: <br/><ul><li>`YYYY-MM-DD` to specify a date. For example, `2020-11-29`.</li><li>`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss` to specify a time. For example, `2020-11-29T03:10:02`.</li></ul>

Reviewer 2: UTC is not a time zone

</details>

### Responses
<details open="true">
<summary>HTTP status codes</summary>

|Status code |Description
|:---- |:----
|200 OK |Returned when the account balance is successfully fetched.  

> |403 Forbidden |Returned when you are not authorised to fetch the account balance.

Reviewer 2: we are using `authorized` in other docs.

Better to write: "Returned when you were not authorized to execute this operation."

|400 Bad Request |Returned when a required parameter is missing or in a wrong format in the request .  
</details>

<details open="true">
<summary>Response attributes</summary>

|Name |Type |Description
|:---- |:---- |:----
|data |object|Information about the account balance at a point in time. It's represented by `totalBalance` and `currencyId`.

> |totalBalance |integer |The account balance. It can be negative. For example, `-300`

Reviewer: Should we mention that it is not fractionated?
If we return 
```
{ 
totalBalance: -300,
currencyId: "SEK"
}
```
that means -3,00 SEK.

Author: YES 😃  definitely! Very good point.

|currencyId |string |The currency of the account balance. For example, `SEK`.
</details>

## Fetch account transactions
Returns all transactions or transactions of certain types from a merchant's Zettle preliminary or liquid account during a specific period.

```

> GET /organizations/{organizationUuid}/accounts/{accountTypeGroup}/transactions?{start}&{end}

Reviewer 2: Curly braces are usually used to express interpolation of a value.
Putting it like this "{start}&{end}" doesn't seem to be right since every query parameter has a name.
```suggestion
GET /organizations/{organizationUuid}/accounts/{accountTypeGroup}/transactions?start={start_date}&end={end_date}
```

This needs to be adjusted in many places.

```

See example [Fetch transactions for a liquid account](#fetch-transactions-for-a-liquid-account).

### Parameters

<details open="true">
<summary>Parameters</summary>

|Name |Type |In |Required/Optional |Description
|:---- |:---- |:---- |:---- |:----
|organizationUuid |string |path |required |Unique identifier for your organization. You can specify the value with one of the following: <br/><ul><li> Use `self` as the value. This will retrieve your organizationUuid from the authentication token in the request.</li><li> Get it by using the https://oauth.izettle.com/users/me endpoint of OAuth2 API. See [OAuth2 API](https://github.com/iZettle/api-documentation/blob/master/authorization.adoc) for more information.</li></ul> 
|accountTypeGroup |string |path |required |The account type from which the data like transactions is retrieved. You can use one of the following account types: <br/><ul><li> `PRELIMINARY` account where transactions are to be confirmed by third-party acquirers.</li><li> `LIQUID` account where transactions are to be paid out to the merchant.</li></ul>

> |start |string |query |required |A start time (inclusive) in the UTC time zone from when the transactions will be fetched. You can specify a UTC time in one of the following formats: <br/><ul><li>`YYYY-MM-DD` to specify a date. For example, `2020-11-29`.</li><li>`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss` to specify a time. For example, `2020-11-29T03:10:02`.</li></ul>

Reviewer 2: UTC is not a time zone

> |end |string |query |required |An end time (exclusive) in the UTC time zone before when the transactions will be fetched. You can specify a UTC time in one of the following formats: <br/><ul><li>`YYYY-MM-DD` to specify a date. For example, `2020-11-29`.</li><li>`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss` to specify a time. For example, `2020-11-29T03:10:02`.</li></ul>

Reviewer 2: UTC is not a time zone

|includeTransactionType |string |query |optional |Which transaction types to fetch. <br>You can include more than one [supported transaction types](#supported-transaction-types) in a request. <br/>If you want to use `includeTransactionType`, don't use `limit` and `offset`. Because `limit` and `offset` will be ignored when `includeTransactionType` is used.  

> |limit |integer |query |optional |How many transactions to return in total in a response. You can specify `limit` with any integer greater than 0. <br/>If you want to use `limit` and `offset`, don't use `includeTransactionType`. Because `limit` and `offset` will be ignored when `includeTransactionType` is used. 

Reviewer 2: >  don't use `limit` and `offset`. Because `limit` and `offset` will be ignored when `includeTransactionType` is used.  

This is not true. When i test with `includeTransactionType` and limit i get limited nr of transactions back.

Author: @igorleal could you check this finding?
As you mentioned before, in the code is that if the client passes in the query params "includeTransactionType", we ignore the limit and offset. They will be used only if the request came without the "includeTransactionType".

Reviewer: So it looks like @iznatalia is right.

We have this:
```java
if (includeTransactionTypes.isEmpty()) {
            return accountTransactionDao.getAccountTransactionRange(
                accountIds,
                start,
                end,
                limit,
                offset
            );
        } else {
            return accountTransactionDao.getAccountTransactionRange(
                accountIds,
                start,
                end
            );
        }
```

But that's only some pre processing. When we are to actually get the account transactions we use it in both flows:

```java
if (!includeTransactionTypes.isEmpty()) {
                    return atDao.getAccountTransactions(
                        accountIds,
                        includeTransactionTypes,
                        start,
                        end,
                        minBktxId,
                        maxBktxId,
                        limit,
                        offset
                    );
                }
                return atDao.getAccountTransactions(
                    accountIds,
                    start,
                    end,
                    minBktxId,
                    maxBktxId,
                    limit,
                    offset
                );
```

Sorry for the mistake @Astro-Choco

> |offset |integer |query |optional |How many transactions to return per page in a response. You can specify `offset` with any integer greater than 0. <br/>If you want to use `limit` and `offset`, don't use `includeTransactionType`. Because `limit` and `offset` will be ignored when `includeTransactionType` is used. 

Reviewer 2: I can't even get it to work to be honest. Wit `offset` or not i get same result every time.

> |offset |integer |query |optional |How many transactions to return per page in a response. You can specify `offset` with any integer greater than 0. <br/>If you want to use `limit` and `offset`, don't use `includeTransactionType`. Because `limit` and `offset` will be ignored when `includeTransactionType` is used. 

Reviewer 2: I think here we need to add  a clear example of how to paginate the results like we have in Purchase API

</details>

#### Supported transaction types
> **Note:** Deprecated transaction types are no longer in use, but may appear in historic data.
<details open="true">
<summary>Supported transaction types</summary>

|Type |Description
|:---- |:----
|ADJUSTMENT |A bookkeeping adjustment.
|ADVANCE |The cash advance given by Zettle to a merchant. A cash advance is a type of financing that is offered to merchants based on their sales history. The advance is paid back with monthly down payments.
|ADVANCE_DOWNPAYMENT |A down payment on a previously paid out cash advance.
|ADVANCE_FEE_DOWNPAYMENT |The netting of a cash advance fee.
|BANK_ACCOUNT_VERIFICATION (Deprecated) |N/A
|CARD_PAYMENT |A card payment. Contains a reference to the card payment in the Purchase API.
|CARD_PAYMENT_FEE |The commission part of a card payment.
|CARD_PAYMENT_FEE_REFUND |The commission part of a refund.
|CARD_REFUND |A card refund. <!-- Is it not obvious? -- Accompanied by CARD_PAYMENT_FEE_REFUND. --> Contains a reference to the card payment refund in the Purchase API.
|CASHBACK |Money given to a merchant to retroactively adjust the card payment fee rate.

> |CASHBACK_PAYOUT (Deprecated) |N/A

Reviewer 2: I would rather see "Deprecated" in bold to really feel the emphasis.

|FAILED_PAYOUT |A previous payout transaction has failed and been made void. The payout money is returned to the merchant's Zettle liquid account.
|FEE_DISCOUNT_REVOCATION |An internal reclaim of an outstanding fee discount that is not consumed within a certain time frame. As these funds are reclaimed from a special fee discount account, the transaction will not be visible in the Zettle liquid account of the merchant.
|FROZEN_FUNDS |The money that is frozen to cover a chargeback. When the issuing back initiates a chargeback, the money will be removed from the merchant's liquid account and marked as frozen to cover the chargeback. If the chargeback is later revoked, the money will be returned to the merchants liquid account with a new and positive transaction of the same type. It effectively makes the initial FROZEN_FUNDS transaction void.
|INVOICE_PAYMENT |An invoice payment.
|INVOICE_PAYMENT_FEE |An invoice payment fee.
|PAYMENT |An alternative third-party payment method where Zettle handles the funds. For example, PayPal QR code and Klarna QR code.
|PAYMENT_FEE |The fee for a third-party payment method. For example,PayPal QR code and Klarna QR code.

> |PAYOUT |A payout from the merchant's Zettle liquid account to the merchant’s bank account .  

Reviewer: Maybe it's no big deal but more and more we will have PayPal users migrating to Zettle, and these won't get the money transferred from liquid account to a bank account, the money will actually go to their PayPal Wallet.

> |TELL_FRIEND (Deprecated) |N/A

Reviewer 2: If it's not applicable why even mention it?

|VOUCHER_ACTIVATION |Used when activating a voucher. The money is inserted to the merchant’s fee discount account instead of preliminary and liquid accounts.
 
</details>

### Responses
<details open="true">
<summary>HTTP status codes</summary>

|Status code |Description
|:---- |:----
|200 OK |Returned when the account transactions are successfully fetched.  

> |403 Forbidden |Returned when you are not authorised to fetch the account transactions.

Reviewer 2: Suggested:
"Returned when you were not authorized to execute this operation."

|400 Bad Request |Returned when a required parameter is missing or in a wrong format in the request.  
</details>

<details open="true">
<summary>Response attributes</summary>

|Name |Type |Description
|:---- |:---- |:----

> |data |object|Information about the account transactions. 

Reviewer 2: It's not an object it's an array of objects.
"Information about the account transactions" doesn't make sense since there is no additional information about transactions.

Suggested:
"Array of transactions for given account

> |timestamp |string |Time when a transaction happened. 

Reviewer 2: Is it really?
Format needs to be specified.

Reviewer 2: For example this transaction 
```
{
            "timestamp": "2021-04-30T00:19:00.294+0000",
            "amount": 12340,
            "originatorTransactionType": "CARD_PAYMENT",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "4a985ad4-a902-11eb-a202-593827491c91"
        }
```
was made on 2021-04-29 15:48:08 UTC

<img width="1023" alt="Screenshot 2021-06-14 at 21 17 10" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42367412/121947287-2cf3f880-cd56-11eb-9e37-eb40f1befd56.png">

Reviewer: These times are when the transactions happened in our "accounting books" (or in our Ledger). They should not reflect when the card payment happened in the reader.
If you say that given `Information about the account transactions. `  the timestamp is when the transaction happened, it is technically correct. But maybe you want to be explicit it has nothing to do with the purchase or the actual reader transaction.
One thing to mention is that once you go out of preliminary account, in the liquid for example, the CARD_PAYMENT transaction there will happen maybe several hours after the payment took place.

> |amount |integer |The amount of money of a transaction. If the transaction is a refund, the amount is negative.

Reviewer 2: This is not true. 
Example:
   ```
     {
            "timestamp": "2021-04-30T14:22:51.786+0000",
            "amount": -108,
            "originatorTransactionType": "CARD_PAYMENT_FEE",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "6c2118dc-a99b-11eb-9751-8365b9bc30f9"
        },
        {
            "timestamp": "2021-04-30T14:22:51.785+0000",
            "amount": 11390,
            "originatorTransactionType": "CARD_PAYMENT",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "6c2118dc-a99b-11eb-9751-8365b9bc30f9"
        }
```

> |originatorTransactionType |string |The transaction type.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we refer to supported transaction types here?

> |originatingTransactionUuid |string |The transaction identifier as UUID.  

Reviewer 2: This is actually UUID v1 with a timestamp in it.

</details>

## Fetch payout information
Returns payout related information from a merchant's Zettle liquid account.

```
GET /organizations/{organizationUuid}/payout-info
```

See example [Fetch payout information on a specific period](#fetch-payout-information-on-a-specific-day).

### Parameters

<details open="true">
<summary>Parameters</summary>

|Name |Type |In |Required/Optional |Description
|:---- |:---- |:---- |:---- |:----
|organizationUuid |string |path |required |Unique identifier for your organization. You can specify the value with one of the following: <br/><ul><li> Use `self` as the value. This will retrieve your organizationUuid from the authentication token in the request.</li><li> Get it by using the https://oauth.izettle.com/users/me endpoint of OAuth2 API. See [OAuth2 API](https://github.com/iZettle/api-documentation/blob/master/authorization.adoc) for more information.</li></ul> 

> |at |string |query |optional |Used to fetch payouts until a time in the UTC time zone. If it's used, any transaction after that point will be ignored. If it's not used, the balance of all transactions at the current point of time is returned. <br/>You can specify a UTC time in one of the following formats: <br/><ul><li>`YYYY-MM-DD` to specify a date. For example, `2020-11-29`.</li><li>`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss` to specify a time. For example, `2020-11-29T03:10:02`.</li></ul>

Reviewer 2: `UTC` is not a time zone.
Try
 Can be used to fetch payouts until a certain point in time UTC.

</details>

### Responses
<details open="true">
<summary>HTTP status codes</summary>

|Status code |Description
|:---- |:----
|200 OK |Returned when the payout information is successfully fetched.  

> |403 Forbidden |Returned when you are not authorised to fetch the payout information for the account.

Reviewer 2: Sugested:
"Returned when you were not authorized to execute this operation."

|400 Bad Request |Returned when a required parameter is missing or in a wrong format in the request.  
</details>

<details open="true">
<summary>Response attributes</summary>

|Name |Type |Description
|:---- |:---- |:----

> |data |object|Information about the account payout 

Reviewer 2: Period is missing.
What is "account payout"? 
The response contains even total balance.

|totalBalance |integer |The account balance. It can be negative. For example, `-300`.

> |currencyId |string |The currency of the account balance. For example, `SEK`. 

Reviewer 2: "The currency of the account balance".

Currency belongs to an account not to the balance.

Reviewer 2: > It can be negative.

need to specify in what case, like the amount of refunds was greater that sales.

> |nextPayoutAmount |integer |The amount of money that is in the `liquid` status and is ready to be paid out to the merchant.  

Reviewer 2: No need to mention any "liquid" status here.
Suggested:
"The amount of money to be paid out to the merchant."

Reviewer: Agree. Specially because there might be liquid balance that won't be paid out because of any savings limit.

> |discountRemaining |integer |The amount of discounts that remains in merchant's vouchers.  

Reviewer 2: We might need to explain more about the voucher part, what kind of voucher it is.

> |periodicity |string |The interval between each payout. It can be `DAILY`, `WEEKLY`, and `MONTHLY`.   

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:
"The interval between each payout set by the merchant." 
Since it's merchant who sets it in back office.
<img width="584" alt="Screenshot 2021-06-15 at 10 10 15" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42367412/122019054-b42b8580-cdc3-11eb-8c99-c1d7d3583b38.png">

Reviewer 2: > It can be `DAILY`, `WEEKLY`, and `MONTHLY`.

Do we really need a comma before a conjunction when listing? I'm a bit allergic to it but if it's according to our writing guidelines it should be consistent with other docs as of now it's not looking through the latest Pusher docs.

Reviewer 2: I agree with Igor. Now i remember we had same problem in cash register team when we were about to name a report that should be generated on regular basis daily, monthly and yearly, and actually after looking it up we realised that interval is completely different from periodicity by definition. Interval is an episode in time between certain events. So we named the report "Periodical".

</details>

## Examples

> ### Fetch balance for a liquid account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Fetch current balance for a liquid account
```

> The following example fetches balance from Zettle liquid account of the merchant that has `organizationUuid` as `18071066-bfc7-11eb-8529-0242ac130003`. As `at` is not specified for a time point, by default, it fetches the balance that is available at the moment of fecthing.

Reviewer 2: This could be cooked down to
```suggestion
In the following example current balance is fetched from Zettle liquid account of the merchant.
```

Request
```
GET/organizations/18071066-bfc7-11eb-8529-0242ac130003/accounts/liquid/balance
```
Response
```json
{
    "data": {
        "totalBalance": 195,
        "currencyId": "GBP"
    }
}
```

### Fetch transactions for a liquid account

> The following example fetches all transactions from Zettle liquid account of the merchant that has `organizationUuid` as `18071066-bfc7-11eb-8529-0242ac130003` from 1 January, 2021 to 7 June, 2021.

Reviewer 2: > fetches all transactions
all types of transactions

Reviewer 2: Why use orgUuid in the example and not `self` alias?
I think using orgUuid makes it more complex and hard to digest. I would rather have an example using alias since the orgUuid is present in the oauth token already.

Request
```
GET/organizations/18071066-bfc7-11eb-8529-0242ac130003/accounts/liquid/transactions?start=2021-01-01&end=2021-06-07
```
Response
```json
{
    "data": [
        {
            "timestamp": "2021-04-06T22:37:37.621+0000",
            "amount": 100,
            "originatorTransactionType": "CARD_PAYMENT",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "aefbced2-9728-11eb-aa46-1cae508bb7b5"
        },
        ...
        {
            "timestamp": "2021-04-06T16:00:20.127+0000",
            "amount": 200,
            "originatorTransactionType": "CARD_PAYMENT",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "473778b2-96f0-11eb-bd49-31909a42aea2"
        },
    ]
}
```

### Fetch payout information on a specific day

> The following example fetches all payout information from Zettle liquid account of the merchant that has `organizationUuid` as `18071066-bfc7-11eb-8529-0242ac130003` on 7 June, 2021.

Reviewer 2: Same here, we shouldn't overcomplicate with orgUuid. It can confuse the developer as we already see it happening.

  * [Base URL](#base-url)
  * [OAuth scope](#oauth-scope)
* [Fetch account balance](#fetch-account-balance)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Fetch account transactions](#fetch-account-transactions)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Fetch payout information](#fetch-payout-information)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Examples](#examples)
  * [Fetch current balance for a liquid account](#fetch-current-balance-for-a-liquid-account)
  * [Fetch transactions for a liquid account](#fetch-transactions-for-a-liquid-account)
  * [Fetch payout information on a specific day](#fetch-payout-information-on-a-specific-day)
* [Related resources](#related-resources)
* [Related API reference](#related-api-reference)
  
### Base URL
https://finance.zettle.com

### OAuth Scope
`READ:FINANCE`
<!-- For more information on how to get authorisaition for the scope, see See [OAuth2 API](https://github.com/iZettle/api-documentation/blob/master/authorization.adoc) -->

## Fetch account balance
Returns the balance that is available in a merchant's Zettle preliminary or liquid account at a specific time.

> After a payment has been made from a merchant's liquid account to their bank account (daily, monthly or weekly), the balance is usually zero or the minimum balance in the merchant's Zettle account. In other cases, you can see how much money is in the merchant's Zettle account.

Reviewer 2: We refer to this as  a payout in other cases not a "payment". 
Also in case of PayPal payment the money will be paid out to merchant's PayPal wallet.

|currencyId |string |The currency of the account. For example, `SEK`.
</details>

## Fetch account transactions
Returns all transactions or transactions of certain types from a merchant's Zettle preliminary or liquid account during a specific period.

```
GET /organizations/{organizationUuid}/accounts/{accountTypeGroup}/transactions?start={start_time}&end={end_time}
```

See example [Fetch transactions for a liquid account](#fetch-transactions-for-a-liquid-account).

### Parameters

<details open="true">
<summary>Parameters</summary>

|Name |Type |In |Required/Optional |Description
|:---- |:---- |:---- |:---- |:----
|organizationUuid |string |path |required |Unique identifier for your organization. You can specify the value with one of the following: <br/><ul><li> Use `self` as the value. This will retrieve your organizationUuid from the authentication token in the request.</li><li> Get it by using the https://oauth.izettle.com/users/me endpoint of OAuth2 API. See [OAuth2 API](https://github.com/iZettle/api-documentation/blob/master/authorization.adoc) for more information.</li></ul> 

> |accountTypeGroup |string |path |required |The type of a merchant's Zettle account. You can use one of the following account types: <br/><ul><li> `PRELIMINARY` account where transactions are to be confirmed by third-party acquirers.</li><li> `LIQUID` account where transactions are to be paid out to the merchant.</li></ul>

Reviewer 2: Do we need to mention third party here?
```suggestion
|accountTypeGroup |string |path |required |The type of a merchant's Zettle account. You can use one of the following account types: <br/><ul><li> `PRELIMINARY` account where transactions are to be confirmed.</li><li> `LIQUID` account where transactions are to be paid out to the merchant.</li></ul>
```

> |start |string |query |required |A start time in UTC (inclusive) from when the transactions will be fetched. You can specify a UTC time in one of the following formats: <br/><ul><li>`YYYY-MM-DD` to specify a date. For example, `2020-11-29`.</li><li>`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss` to specify a time. For example, `2020-11-29T03:10:02`.</li></ul>

Reviewer 2: This is not entirely true as i can for example get results for following request 
`/organizations/self/accounts/liquid/transactions?start=2021&end=2022` and it works perfectly fine.
My suggestion is to give a couple of most preferable examples OR to list all possible alternatives.

Reviewer 2: same goes for  `end`

|end |string |query |required |An end time in UTC (exclusive) before when the transactions will be fetched. You can specify a UTC time in one of the following formats: <br/><ul><li>`YYYY-MM-DD` to specify a date. For example, `2020-11-29`.</li><li>`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss` to specify a time. For example, `2020-11-29T03:10:02`.</li></ul>
|includeTransactionType |string |query |optional |Which transaction types to fetch. <br>You can include more than one [supported transaction types](#supported-transaction-types) in a request.  

> |limit |integer |query |optional |The maximum number of transactions to return in a response. You can specify `limit` with any integer greater than 0. Use `limit` and `offset` together to set response pagination.<br/>For example, to return three transaction at a time for all transactions during a specific period, set `limit` as `3` and `offset` as `0` in the first request. Then set `limit` as `3` and `offset` as `0` in the second request. 

Reviewer 2: > For example, to return three transaction at a time for all transactions during a specific period, set `limit` as `3` and `offset` as `0` in the first request. Then set `limit` as `3` and `offset` as `0` in the second request. 

If i do it like this i get same request. Doesn't make sense.

> |offset |integer |query |optional |The number of transactions to skip before beginning to return in a response. You can specify `offset` with any integer greater than or equal to 0.  Use `limit` and `offset` together to set response pagination.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we refer to pagination example here?
And most importantly we don't explain why pagination is to prefer, since it's optional.

</details>

> #### Supported transaction types

Reviewer 2: Feels weird that we place this table even before we describe the response model. 
It confuses me as a reader.

> **Note:** Deprecated transaction types are no longer in use, but may appear in historic data.
<details open="true">
<summary>Supported transaction types</summary>

|Type |Description
|:---- |:----
|ADJUSTMENT |A bookkeeping adjustment.
|ADVANCE |The cash advance given by Zettle to a merchant. A cash advance is a type of financing that is offered to merchants based on their sales history. The advance is paid back with monthly down payments.
|ADVANCE_DOWNPAYMENT |A down payment on a previously paid out cash advance.
|ADVANCE_FEE_DOWNPAYMENT |The netting of a cash advance fee.
|BANK_ACCOUNT_VERIFICATION (Deprecated) |No available description.

> |CARD_PAYMENT |A card payment. Contains a reference to the card payment in the Purchase API.

Reviewer 2: Not only CARD_PAYMENT transactions contain the reference to the payment that can be found using Purchase API.

 
</details>

### Responses
<details open="true">
<summary>HTTP status codes</summary>

|Status code |Description
|:---- |:----
|200 OK |Returned when the account transactions are successfully fetched.  
|403 Forbidden |Returned when you are not authorised to fetch the account transactions.
|400 Bad Request |Returned when a required parameter is missing or in a wrong format in the request.  
</details>

<details open="true">
<summary>Response attributes</summary>

|Name |Type |Description
|:---- |:---- |:----
|data |an array of objects|A list of transactions for the given account in the descending order that shows the most recent transaction first.
|timestamp |string |Time when a transaction happens in the merchant's Zettle account. It's not the timestamp when a card transaction or a purchase happens. <br/>For example, transactions in the merchant's liquid account may happen hours after card transactions or purchases take place.
|amount |integer |The amount of money of a transaction. If the transaction is a refund or a payment fee, the amount is negative.
|originatorTransactionType |string |The transaction type. See [supported transaction types](#supported-transaction-types). 

> |originatingTransactionUuid |string |The transaction identifier as UUID version 1.  

Reviewer 2: This description makes me think that  `originatingTransactionUuid` is a unique identifier of this particular transaction event. Is it though?

```suggestion
|originatingTransactionUuid |string |The identifier of the originating transaction as UUID version 1.  
```

|at |string |query |optional |Used to fetch payouts at a certain point in UTC time. If it's used, any transaction after that time will be ignored. If it's not used, the balance of all transactions at the current point of time is returned. <br/>You can specify a UTC time in one of the following formats: <br/><ul><li>`YYYY-MM-DD` to specify a date. For example, `2020-11-29`.</li><li>`YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss` to specify a time. For example, `2020-11-29T03:10:02`.</li></ul>
</details>

### Responses
<details open="true">
<summary>HTTP status codes</summary>

|Status code |Description
|:---- |:----
|200 OK |Returned when the payout information is successfully fetched.  
|403 Forbidden |Returned when you are not authorised to fetch the payout information for the account.
|400 Bad Request |Returned when a required parameter is missing or in a wrong format in the request.  
</details>

<details open="true">
<summary>Response attributes</summary>

|Name |Type |Description
|:---- |:---- |:----
|data |object|Information about the upcoming payout. 

> |totalBalance |integer |The account balance in the currency's smallest unit. It can be negative, such as when refunds are greater than sales. In the following example, the account balance is -3 SEK. <br/><pre>{ <br/>totalBalance: -300, <br/>currencyId: "SEK" <br/>}</pre> 

Reviewer 2: `currencyId` is missing in this table.
Total balance doesn't enclose it and example json on this row is incomplete. This is confusing.

|nextPayoutAmount |integer |The amount of money to be paid out to the merchant.  
|discountRemaining |integer |The amount of discounts that remains in merchant's vouchers. The vouchers are offered by Zettle.<br/>For example, a merchant has a voucher worthy 100 SEK from a Zettle marketing campaign. For a transaction of 200 SEK, Zettle will subtract two SEK for the transaction fee from the voucher. Then the merchant will have a remaining discount of 98 SEK. 

> |periodicity |string |The period between each payout that is set by the merchant . It can be `DAILY`, `WEEKLY`, and `MONTHLY`.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|periodicity |string |The period between each payout that is set by the merchant. It can be `DAILY`, `WEEKLY` and `MONTHLY`.   
```

</details>

## Examples

### Fetch current balance for a liquid account
In the following example, as `at` is not specified, the current balance is fetched by default.

Request
```
GET /organizations/self/accounts/liquid/balance
```
Response
```json
{
    "data": {
        "totalBalance": 195,
        "currencyId": "GBP"
    }
}
```

### Fetch transactions for a liquid account
The following example fetches transactions from the merchant's Zettle liquid account from 1 January, 2020 to 31 December, 2020. With pagination set by `limit` and `offset`, three transactions are returned at a time until all transactions are fetched during that specific period.

Request
```
GET /organizations/self/accounts/liquid/transactions?start=2020-01-01&end=2020-12-31&limit=3&offset=0
```
```
GET /organizations/self/accounts/liquid/transactions?start=2020-01-01&end=2020-12-31&limit=3&offset=3
```

> Response

Reviewer 2: How come 1 response for two requests?

Reviewer 2: What are `...` for? Isn't response complete?

```json
{
    "data": [
        {
            "timestamp": "2020-11-21T04:00:15.704+0000",
            "amount": -621,
            "originatorTransactionType": "PAYMENT_FEE",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "6820265b-953e-43a7-bb65-abac1ef104bf"
        },
        {
            "timestamp": "2020-11-21T04:00:15.697+0000",
            "amount": 1100,
            "originatorTransactionType": "PAYMENT",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "6820265b-953e-43a7-bb65-abac1ef104bf"
        },
        {
            "timestamp": "2020-09-10T09:51:35.162+0000",
            "amount": 5925,
            "originatorTransactionType": "FAILED_PAYOUT",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "d8550d7a-f347-11ea-9612-3bce5300b9a9"
        }
       ...
    ]
}
```

### Fetch payout information on a specific day
The following example fetches all payout information from the merchant's Zettle liquid account on 7 June, 2021.

Request
```
GET /organizations/self/payout-info?at=2021-06-07
```
Response
```json
{
    "data": {
        "totalBalance": 195,
        "currencyId": "GBP",

>         "nextPayoutAmount": 0,

Reviewer 2: The example is weird with `nextPayoutAmount=0 ` when `totalBalance=195`.

I think more realistic, happy flow example should be used.

===
## About Finance API
The Finance API is used to fetch finance-related information that is processed through Zettle. The information includes account balance, all the transactions processed through Zettle, and payout. For example, card payments made with Zettle card readers.

* [About Finance API](#about-finance-api)
  * [Base URL](#base-url)
  * [OAuth scope](#oauth-scope)
* [Fetch account balance](#fetch-account-balance)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Fetch account transactions](#fetch-account-transactions)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Fetch payout information](#fetch-payout-information)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Examples](#examples)
  * [Fetch current balance for a liquid account](#fetch-current-balance-for-a-liquid-account)
  * [Fetch transactions for a liquid account](#fetch-transactions-for-a-liquid-account)
  * [Fetch payout information on a specific day](#fetch-payout-information-on-a-specific-day)
* [Related resources](#related-resources)
* [Related API reference](#related-api-reference)
  
### Base URL
https://finance.izettle.com

### OAuth Scope
`READ:FINANCE`

> For more information on how to get authorisaition for the scope, see [OAuth2 API](https://github.com/iZettle/api-documentation/blob/master/authorization.adoc)

Reviewer 3: `authorisaition ` typo

|limit |integer |query |optional |The maximum number of transactions to return in a response. You can specify `limit` with any integer greater than 0.<br/>To avoid a big dataset in a response, use `limit` and `offset` together to set response pagination.<br/>For example, to return three transaction at a time for all transactions during a specific period, set `limit` as `3` and `offset` as `0` in the first request. Then set `limit` as `3` and increment `offset` with `3` in the second request and repeat the request until all transactions are fetched. See examples in [Fetch account transactions](fetch-account-transactions.md).
|offset |integer |query |optional |The number of transactions to skip before beginning to return in a response. You can specify `offset` with any integer greater than or equal to 0.  Use `limit` and `offset` together to set response pagination to avoid a big dataset in a response.
</details>

#### Supported transaction types
> **Note:** Deprecated transaction types are no longer in use, but may appear in historic data.
<details open="true">
<summary>Click to hide supported transaction types.</summary>

|Type |Description |In which account
|:---- |:---- |:----

> |ADJUSTMENT |A bookkeeping adjustment.|Liquid

Reviewer: We can adjust preliminary as well.

|INVOICE_PAYMENT_FEE |An invoice payment fee. It's only supported in Sweden. If an invoice is paid through a card payment, the payment fee type is `CARD_PAYMENT_FEE`. |Liquid, preliminary
|PAYMENT |An alternative third-party payment method where Zettle handles the funds. For example, PayPal QR code and Klarna QR code. Contains a reference to the payment in the Purchase API. |Liquid, preliminary
|PAYMENT_FEE |The fee for a third-party payment method. For example, PayPal QR code and Klarna QR code. Contains a reference to the payment fee in the Purchase API. |Liquid, preliminary
|PAYOUT |A payout of the account balance from the merchant's liquid account to the merchant’s bank account. If the merchant is a PayPal user, the payout will be made to their PayPal Wallet. <br/>If the merchant's configuration has a minimum account balance, the payout is the liquid account balance minus the minimum account balance. For example, if the account balance is £147 and the minimum account balance is £47, the payout is £100. |Liquid
|TELL_FRIEND (Deprecated) |No available description. |Not applicable

> |VOUCHER_ACTIVATION |Used when activating a voucher. The money is inserted to the merchant’s fee discount account instead of preliminary and liquid accounts.  |Not applicable

Reviewer: We should remove this, just like we don't show the ones that will not appear in preliminary or liquid.

Request
```
GET /organizations/self/accounts/liquid/transactions?start=2020-01-01&end=2020-12-31
```

Response
```json
{
    "data": [
        ...
        {
            "timestamp": "2020-07-04T20:16:44.309+0000",
            "amount": 381,
            "originatorTransactionType": "CARD_PAYMENT_FEE_REFUND",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "30cef6e2-be09-11ea-a8e4-bce028663c34"
        },
        {
            "timestamp": "2020-07-04T20:16:44.309+0000",
            "amount": -20610,
            "originatorTransactionType": "CARD_REFUND",
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "30cef6e2-be09-11ea-a8e4-bce028663c34"
        },
        ...
        {
            "timestamp": "2020-06-27T23:52:18.327+0000",
            "amount": 649,
            "originatorTransactionType": "PAYMENT_FEE", // In case of refund
            "originatingTransactionUuid": "690c99ea-b6ef-11ea-9730-7ef7aeff642d"
        },
        {
            "timestamp": "2020-06-27T23:52:18.327+0000",
            "amount": -35100,
            "originatorTransactionType": "PAYMENT", // In case of refund

>             "originatingTransactionUuid": "690c99ea-b6ef-11ea-9730-7ef7aeff642d"

Reviewer: I liked @iznatalia 's idea of putting the comment in the amount, not in the type. The amount is negative because it's a refund.

Finance API reference
===
## About Finance API
The Finance API is used to fetch information about the transactions that are made through Zettle. For example, card payments made with Zettle card readers.

* [About Finance API](#about-finance-api)
  * [Base URL](#base-url)
  * [OAuth scope](#oauth-scope)
* [Fetch account balance](#fetch-account-balance)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Fetch account transactions](#fetch-account-transactions)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Fetch payout information](#fetch-payout-information)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
  * [Responses](#responses)
* [Examples](#examples)
  * [Fetch current balance for a liquid account](#fetch-current-balance-for-a-liquid-account)
  * [Fetch transactions for a liquid account](#fetch-transactions-for-a-liquid-account)
  * [Fetch payout information on a specific day](#fetch-payout-information-on-a-specific-day)
* [Related resources](#related-resources)
* [Related API reference](#related-api-reference)
  
### Base URL

> https://finance.zettle.com

Reviewer 2: This base URL is not valid

```suggestion
https://finance.izettle.com
```

</details>

### Responses
<details open="true">
<summary>Click to hide HTTP status codes.</summary>

|Status code |Description
|:---- |:----
|200 OK |Returned when the operation is successful.  
|400 Bad Request |Returned when a required parameter is missing or in a wrong format in the request.
|401 Unauthorized |Returned when one of the following occurs: <br/><ul><li> The authentication information is missing in the request.</li><li>The authentication token has expired.</li><li>The authentication token is invalid.</li></ul>
|403 Forbidden |Returned when the scope being used in the request is incorrect. 
</details>

<details open="true">
<summary>Click to hide response attributes.</summary>

|Name |Type |Description
|:---- |:---- |:----
|data |an array of objects|A list of transactions for the given account in the descending order that shows the most recent transaction first.
|timestamp |string |Time when a transaction happens in the merchant's Zettle account. It's not the timestamp when a card transaction or a purchase happens. <br/>For example, transactions in the merchant's liquid account may happen hours after card transactions or purchases take place.

> |amount |integer |The amount of money of a transaction. If the transaction is a refund or a payment fee, the amount is negative.

Reviewer 3: `If the transaction is a refund or a payment fee, the amount is negative`
There are more cases where transactions can have negative value, depending on the account type or transaction type. Suggestion: saying something like "Note that depending on the account type and transaction type, the amount can have a negative value".

</details>

### Responses
<details open="true">
<summary>Click to hide HTTP status codes.</summary>

|Status code |Description
|:---- |:----
|200 OK |Returned when the operation is successful.  
|400 Bad Request |Returned when a required parameter is missing or in a wrong format in the request.
|401 Unauthorized |Returned when one of the following occurs: <br/><ul><li> The authentication information is missing in the request.</li><li>The authentication token has expired.</li><li>The authentication token is invalid.</li></ul>
|403 Forbidden |Returned when the scope being used in the request is incorrect.  
</details>

<details open="true">
<summary>Click to hide response attributes.</summary>

|Name |Type |Description
|:---- |:---- |:----
|data |object|Information about the upcoming payout. 

> |totalBalance |integer |The account balance in the currency's smallest unit. For example, 300 with currency GBP is £3. It can be negative, such as when refunds are greater than sales.

Reviewer: Here you mention that 300 with currency GBP is £3, but in the previous API you don't. 
Shouldn't you mention there as well?
